Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Guts...
...are you thinking of...
Are you going to leave the Hawks?
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Decisive Battle
Message!
I have a report!
Our army has
endured immense damage!
Only this headquarters remains intact!
What a fine state of affairs!
We, the White Tiger Knights, have one
of the strongest armies in all of Midland...
...and we have been beaten so easily!
This Castle of
Doldrey is quite impregnable!
I have a report!
Now what?
We've confirmed a thousand cavalrymen
marching from the main gate of the fort!
They are charging our headquarters!
What?
The strongest of all Chuder's armies...
The Purple Rhino Knights?
This Hundred Year War...
...was triggered by the Chuder
Empire's invasion on Midland's territory.
The Castle of Doldrey once belonged...
...to our kingdom as an
integral part of our defenses.
Ironically, this fort has
become a staging point...
...for attacks by the Chuder
army ever since they captured it.
However, civil war may break forth
at any moment in the Chuder Empire...
...in regards to the
matter of imperial succession.
Most likely, the Empire cannot...
...afford to spare all of its
great military forces for this war.
Indeed, this is a rare opportunity for us!
We can't miss this opportunity
to achieve the conquest of Doldrey!
No, to recapture of our fief!
Very well, what shall we do about it?
The principal garrison stationed
there is the Purple Rhino Knights.
They are led by the fierce general
Boscogn, and there are no stronger knights...
...anywhere in the Empire!
Even our most powerful asset...
...the White Tiger Knights, suffered
great losses when engaging them.
An all out attack...
...that might be our final option.
That is very risky!
Consider the overall campaign...
...we've already lost forty
percent of our total fighting strength.
There is no guarantee...
...that we will conquer Doldrey
even if we deploy all of our assets.
If the war is prolonged...
We'd likely be caught between their
main army and the occupation forces!
If we are rash, we'll risk the
annihilation of our entire armed forces.
I predict that this campaign
will eventually lead us to victory.
Therefore, such a dangerous
gamble is not worth the risk.
But, our final objective in this
war is to take control of Doldrey!
Occupying Doldrey is absolutely
essential if we want to recapture our fief!
However, which unit will be
considered for the role of the vanguard?
Remember this, we
lost the White Tiger Knights.
Well...
What would you say, Sir Griffith?
Even your invincible band, the Hawks,
wouldn't be able to handle this, right?
We could, if given the order.
I understand, the
matter goes over your head...
Hey...
If Your Majesty gives me an order...
Nonsense!
Do you think you can really do it?
Your Lordship understands
nothing about the difficulties!
He has gotten a rather swelled head...
...on account of his
lucky victories in the past.
I agree.
During the past one hundred years,
that castle has never been damaged...
...even though it has frequently stood
against our desperate attempts to capture it.
However, you still
say you could conquer it?
My Lord, Griffith...
Can you truly do this?
He is just reckless, Your Majesty!
The Doldrey conquest requires us
to employ an enormous armed force!
If we fail at this time, it will cause a
great deal of permanent damage to us...
I do not need to engage
them with a large army.
The Band of the Hawk
alone will cope with this matter.
What!
It's impossible!
Who do you think you are?
Don't be ridiculous!
A mere force of five thousand men...
...can deal with the enemy's
occupation force, thirty thousand men strong?
Don't get carried away
with your playing around, boy!
I bet you wish your cunning
little schemes could be used forever!
General...
There is no use raising your eyebrows.
What?
Sooner or later, we will
have to venture into total war.
Apparently, we are left with
no other options in this matter.
Since it's apparent that a defeat or two
won't harm our army's morale, we can...
...then try out their maneuver
before calling for an all out attack.
And considering the Band
of the Hawk's past achievements...
...it's unfair to say that
they will have no chance at all.
Do not underestimate Doldrey!
Damn...
Majesty, you had best pass judgement.
I command that the Hawks commit
themselves to the conquest of Doldrey!
His Majesty has certainly aged.
How could he rely upon a
newcomer, a boy like him?
The army of Midland
has lost all of its dignity.
Well...
I can imagine how he feels, but
there's nothing I can do about it...
You have quite a high
opinion of that man, don't you?
I wonder if the White Hawk will rise
to the occasion, as you expect he will.
Well, I told them the truth either way.
Even if he loses
the battle after all this...
...in Midland today...
...there is no other man capable
of executing the conquest of Doldrey.
Certainly.
It may be strange
for a man to say this...
...but he looks as if he
just stepped out of a painting.
A commander beyond all others...
Perhaps, we have
fought by a hero such as that...
...one who only
emerges once in a hundred years.
Doldrey, huh?
Whatever, I don't care about that.
You'll win any war or dice
game, if that's what is meant to be!
There!
There you go!
Get outta here!
Winning ten times in a row?
The Commander won everything again.
You really have the
devil's own luck, boss!
All right!
I'll never give up until
I get my money back!
What's wrong?
Is there something worrying you?
N-No...
Don't worry.
We've been through
this kind of thing before.
If a self-respecting man
like him offered to fight...
The odds must be in his favor.
I hope he keeps his head...
Do you remember what
I told you some time ago?
When the Hawks became involved in a
territorial dispute in a certain region...
Griffith...
I mean...
That nobleman you mentioned...
Shit, the Commander won again?
Give me a break!
That nobleman was promoted
to governor in a certain empire...
His bribe money spoke the loudest
when the position was awarded.
Hey, don't tell me he...
The governor of the Empire of
Chuder's Northlands, Governor Gennon.
That's the title he currently holds.
Sir Adon, we are glad to see you safe.
I, Lord Adon, known far and wide...
...as an invulnerable and highly
resourceful general, would never die so easily!
Anyway, that boy...
If I meet him in the battlefield again,
I definitely won't let him get away!
For shame, Adon!
Your Grace, General Boscogn!
To settle a personal grudge...
You deployed all of those mercenaries,
and all you achieved was total defeat!
Even worse than that, your
brother Samson's life was lost!
You've got a lot of nerve, coming
back here alone after causing...
...such disgrace!
No, uh...
I-It is not true, Your Grace...
Truthfully...
This is outrageous!
From now on, I thoroughly divest
you of the right to command in this war.
You should appreciate the fact that I'm
not going to throw you into the dungeons!
The opponent was reportedly
only one soldier, just as was rumored...
That cannot be...
You were strict as usual.
I could even hear
your shouting from up here.
Please excuse my manner,
which seems unpleasant to your ear.
All right then.
By the way, according to my spies...
...the second wave for the
conquest of Doldrey has been chosen.
You know them well by now...
...the Band of the Hawk.
You look happy.
No, I do not mean to...
But they seem to be
much more difficult to deal with...
...than the other opponents, who
rely only on numbers and reputation.
Anyhow, I need to have a word
with you before you set off for battle.
The leader of the Hawks is
known as the White Hawk Griffith.
You must not kill that one.
Keep him alive and bring him to me.
However...
Keep it in mind, this
is your governor's order.
How are your wounds, still hurt?
I'm fine now.
Thanks to the medicine you gave me.
Even so, the more I see that
fortress, the less confident I feel.
The castle walls are doubly built,
twice as high and thick as any other castle.
The far side is
protected by a sheer cliff...
And, the Purple Rhinos
are stationed there as well.
No big deal, it's just
like any castle, only bigger.
We just do it the way we always have.
I hope so, anyway.
Either way, I'm surprised.
He burned all the boats.
What on earth is the
White Hawk thinking?
I wonder if his tactic is to take a
position with his back to the river?
All right, then.
They can hold out temporarily
just because of their numbers.
Our army will march
squarely into their ranks.
However...
Does the governor happen
to have some relation to him?
Well, it's a waste of time for me
to worry about such absurdities!
My duty is only to tear my
opponents apart until the end!
The White Hawk...
I have never imagined that
I would see him alive again.
I'll definitely have him.
Look at all of this dust!
It's a part of my plan.
Are you all right?
Good.
It's about time to move.
I hope he keeps his head...
It'll never happen.
He's the last man to lose his calm...
This is the last time...
...I wield my sword under this flag...
First formation, advance!
But I'm not going to leave
any loose ends behind me...
I'm going to take full responsibility
as the leader of the Hawk's Raiders!
Draw your swords!
First formation, charge!
The first formation contains...
...two thousand men directly under the
control of Griffith and his top companies!
What nonsense...
Dividing his army into two formations,
when he only has five thousand men?
What is he trying to prove by
relying on his cunning alone?
Very well, I'll accept your challenge!
All units, charge!
Grind the enemy's
first formation into dust!
Are these the Hawk's Raiders
we've heard so many reports about?
Interesting!
One of the enemy's companies
is bursting through our front line!
They aim to get at our army's
leaders by breaking through head-on...
Is this the scheme of the White Hawk?
Follow the Commander!
This can't be!
Nothing has ever checked
the Purple Rhino's assault before...
We can't keep pressing forward
now, we might even be repelled!
General!
That's him.
Reportedly, he wiped out one
hundred mercenaries all by himself...
It seems that report
was not altogether false.
Well, the White Hawk
possesses good personnel.
Remain steadfast!
They're just trying
to disrupt our discipline!
Fall back into
formation, then counterattack!
The Hawks fight well
against the Purple Rhino Knights...
But they will soon realize their limits.
Boscogn, it seems you see this
battle as an opportunity to kill Griffith...
Someone, attend to me!
Yes, sir!
Have my personal
guard prepare to take the field.
I will command
directly from the battlefield!
However, what
about defending the castle?
Pay no mind!
Under these
circumstances, the Hawks cannot...
...get any closer to the castle walls.
Yes, sir!
My precious hawk
is coming back to me...
I'm not going to let
him be killed for nothing.
It's time, Captain!
All companies, retreat!
Regroup at the base camp!
Come on men, get moving!
The enemy is retreating!
Start the pursuit!
Strange!
They must have
foreseen the consequences...
...since they chose
this particular strategy.
Did the invincible White
Hawk really plot this scheme?
I'm not going to contradict you...
...but maybe you think too
highly of those men, General?
Never mind that, just give us
the command to pursue them!
If we let them get away...
...the soldiers will miss their
chance to win the spoils of war...
...and they will
complain to their superiors.
What are you doing, Boscogn?
Governor-general!
The enemy is retreating.
Will you miss a chance for
victory just to observe them?
No, but...
I order everyone!
Do not kill the
enemy's leader, Count Griffith!
Capture him alive!
I promise that anyone who succeeds...
...in capturing him will be
immediately promoted two ranks!
I will reward you
with whatever you want!
Governor!
You should not promise such things.
I care not!
But it affects military discipline!
Boscogn!
From now on, I am
taking command directly!
The Purple Rhino Knights are
to immediately pursue the enemy!
Notify the entire army of my orders!
Make sure it is enforced!
General...
It has nothing to do with me.
All units, move to
pursue the enemy!
We're completely outnumbered,
and I'm bringing up the rear all by myself.
But after everything, they are
taking the bait, just as Griffith planned.
Yeah, everything was executed so
it would play perfectly into your hand...
As always...
What a thrilling view!
We're not going to deal
with all of that, are we?
Formations, regroup!
We are reaching a crucial moment.
Our backs are to the river!
There's no way to escape!
Stake your lives on this fight!
To survive, we have no choice
but to stake our lives on this fight!
If we are able survive...
...we are as good as victorious!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
If one only tastes victory in order
to survive, a defeat will never be allowed.
Tortured and saddened, such a
man never has his back to the victory.
To capture a dream, he will
always be required to shed blood.
Again, this is the fate that
will befall a youthful heart.
The Conqueror